- 👋 Hi, I’m doggolord aka Gert Indrek Poljakov
- 👀 I’m interested in Game dev , programming and virtual reality.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning at kood/jõhvi a coding school in estonia that is similar to the 42 school system.
- 💿 A bit of history about me. I picked up coding through a friend who started to code his own games on Godot and that led me to try gamemaker and do those game making tutorials hich led to to me going to learn software development in kuressaare ametikool for 3 years where I learned basic concepts of programming and it went more into web development with PHP in the last year with also a final group project where I was the teamleader and we made a 2D platformer and arcade shooter in unity with C#. After finishing the school I tried to find work but found out that a school similar to 42 was coming to my country so i jumped on that opportunity. Now you are all caught up!
- 😎 My proudest projects to date are my game project with 2 of my friends that we did as our final project for school called "one bit hero" and "vr_tivoli" aka vr carnival that was an idea creation project of trying to flesh out the idea before starting the project.
- 🥇 The knowlege I have right now. I have learned web dev basics with HTML, CSS, PHP and a little bit of javascript but kood/jõhvi has it as a part of the curriculum so im planing on learning it a lot more. I have also learned SQL, C, C++, C# but I havent touched those in a while. I have also had a bit of expirience with testing.
- 📫 How to contact me! You can reach me through my email gertindrek@hotmail.com or through discord you can message me @ my ID "Cheems#7996"
